[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] The idyllic
island life Nadia had envisioned
was long since
shown to be a fantasy.
Typhoon winds tore apart
our heroes' simple home
and were even strong enough
to deliver a neighboring island
to their shore,
truly a marvel of Mother Nature.
On the new island,
they discovered their former
friend, Ayerton,
who warned them that the Kings
of Terror would soon arrive.
Oh, no.
It's them, the Kings of Terror!
A creature of that enormity must
be from the prehistoric era.
-Wow!
-I don't care where it's from,
-just what it'll do.
-In July of 1899,
the world will be destroyed
by the Kings of Terror.
All living
things will be its prey.
What do you mean?
It's an ancient prophecy.
Yeah, well, that means we still
have ten years left to go.
Yes, but perhaps they want to
get an early start
and destroy things gradually.
-So you mean...
-We're their first victims.
-Gangway!
-Huh?
Whoa!
[all screaming]
[panting]
[upbeat music playing]
[laughter]
-[Marie] Wait!
-Look, Nadia.
We can run really, really fast.
[laughter]
Hmm?
Not only can you run faster,
you can jump farther.
Watch!
[Marie giggling]
What a mysterious
fantastic island.
Here we go!
[laughter]
[upbeat music playing]
Huh?
Whoa!
How do we stop it now?
I'll take care of everything!
[Witch] Well, did you find
yourself some servants?
[Ayerton] Oh, shut up and kill
me if that's what you want.
[Witch] If you're so smart,
how come you ran away from me
and came all the way back
around from behind?
My private fleet will anchor off
of these shores any day now.
When it does, you're
going to be sorry you met me.
[Witch] I'm so
tired of your arrogance.
Bow before me!
All right. All right.
I understand you see.
Surely we can
work out a deal, can't we?
[Witch] No more deals!
Ah!
Please, please.
Hey, listen to me.
I have an offering for you.
Do you want it?
[overlapping chatter]
[gasps]
[screams]
[explosion]
[all groaning]
At least that stopped us.
Huh?
[Witch] Regardless
of your petty little problems...
[Grandis Gang] The Grandis Gang
is back in action.
Grandis?
Huh?
-Huh?
-Who's there?
-Huh? Oh.
-Is that really you, Nadia?
-Jean!
-Marie and King.
[all] You're alive!
[laughter]
[slow music playing]
I heard you.
The Nautilus was sunk, was it?
Yes, and it was Captain Nemo
who helped us all four escape in
the nick of time.
I cannot believe that
powerful ship was bested.
I really hate to admit it
but Gargoyle's giant flying
battleship
was the strongest one after all.
[Grandis] So my dear Nemo was...
And Ms. Electra.
Tragic. All those
brave seamen are dead.
[King purrs]
Hmm.
[Grandis] Sweet, Captain.
[Marie] What a giant boat.
You can say that again.
Sure can.
I have no idea
that a submersible of this size
even existed.
It's beyond modern science.
[sneezes]
No one taught
them their manners.
Welcome aboard our ship.
Make yourselves at home.
You do not have to identify
yourself
to someone wearing a mask.
Right. I am 1st Officer
and lecturer at your service.
Pardon us, good woman.
I might.
-Who are you?
-Huh?
I am the captain of
this mighty submarine.
And you may call me Nemo.
One moment,
tell me your name again.
Nemo.
-Good day.
-Nemo, Captain Nemo.
Uh-huh.
[sighs] I shall
never see him again.
-[Jean] Don't worry.
-Huh?
I wouldn't jump
to such conclusions.
I'm sure they're all alive
and well somewhere.
Well, Jean, you certainly have
grown up
to be a strong young man.
Right? Right?
I don't know.
Oh, you don't have an eye
for men yet, young lady.
I'm sure glad
three of you are safe.
We owe it all to
my brave Gratan.
So how did you all
end up on this island?
Thank you for asking.
It's an epic tale fraught with
danger, suspense,
and redheaded derring-do.
We set out from the Nautilus
to launch our counterattack
against the flying battleship,
but we got caught.
The crossfire was horrible.
[explosion]
[Nadia] I remember that, you
fled before the battle was over.
[Hanson] Not true.
We had a brief chance
to actually put our plan
into effect.
[Sanson] In the end,
it was up to me to deliver
that flying behemoth a blow
it would jolly well not
soon forget.
[explosion]
[Grandis] Everything
was fine up to that point.
[Hanson] Then the enemy
submarines
blew a hole in
our balloon,
and we spiraled off
not knowing where we would land.
[Grandis] After several days,
we drifted ashore and landed
on this charming little island.
But our troubles weren't over.
We found that this dummy of
a count was already living here.
What?
Did you just call me a dummy?
You better never ever call me
that again,
you scoundrel,
do you understand?
Listen, dummy, if I want to call
you a dummy
then you will be
called a dummy!
Do you understand that,
you dummy!
Of all the cheek!
I just told you not to call
me that, you hear me, do you?
Somehow I just
can't seem to stop myself.
Dummy, dummy, dummy, dummy,
dummy, dummy, dummy, dummy.
[Ayerton] Stop that.
Stop that right now.
[Sanson]
Dummy, dummy, dummy, dummy.
Did you say something, dummy?
-What was that, dummy?
-[Ayerton] Nothing.
-[Sanson] Nothing, eh? Dummy.
-[chuckles]
So you are the dreaded witch
all along, right, Ms. Grandis?
What? What witch?
That's what
the man with the beard said.
-[King purrs]
-He's a liar.
Never believe a word he says
and be sure not to turn
your back on him.
-A liar.
-[King purrs]
He lorded over us and
then stole our food and liquor
and left us nothing
of our own to live on.
We put a stop to that.
[Nadia] So that's why
he was buried in the sand.
I knew there was something
suspicious about him.
I never trusted him.
So, Hanson, the Gratan has been
grounded
because the balloon has
been hauled?
Otherwise, we'd have been off
this island a long time ago.
Why don't you simply repair
the canvas then?
Excellent point.
We finally have enough
people to do it now.
It's been far too long since
I've had a project to work on.
Well now, you sound sentimental.
There's nothing to do
on a deserted island.
[Hanson] Well,
this island is also deserted.
Then again,
science is the art of making
something out of nothing.
[Jean] That's right.
Um, but this is no
ordinary desert island.
-[both] Huh?
-[Grandis] Hanson's correct.
There are no
other living creatures,
but we sense that something
is very much alive here.
Mr. Ayerton told us
that this is a peculiar island.
So I guess that means he's
not a complete liar.
That's right!
I am not a liar, or a butcher,
or what you savagely call
a dummy.
Well, then what exactly are you?
I, my ignorant friend and the
one and only true Count Ayerton,
and now, I shall make my leave.
[Grandis]
What was that all about?
[Ayerton] Goodbye, rubble!
He's in a hurry.
But what the devil is here
for him to hurry off to?
Ah!
I think he's
going to steal my boat.
What's that you're saying?
He's going to strand us here
and take our island for himself.
Are you telling me there's
another island
in this area, Jean?
[waves crashing]
Ah.
[Sanson] There he is.
What's happening?
The other island
is getting smaller.
Smaller?
[wind blowing]
There's another one.
How did we miss seeing that?
Did you all come
from over there, Marie?
Yes.
[Hanson] That's strange.
That island was not
there before, I swear it.
[Jean] You're right, Hanson.
You see, this island appeared
suddenly
after last night's storm.
That's impossible.
So this island suddenly appeared
to you after last night's
storm and now that island
is getting smaller.
-[laughs]
-This one's moving.
Jean, you should know better
than to say ridiculous things
like that.
But it's the only explanation.
There is no possible way
that could happen, Jean.
-Hanson?
-Hmm?
What's a scientist's
most important tool?
What kind of a question is that?
-It's his sixth sense.
-What?
You cannot see it but
there are many things on Earth
that mankind doesn't understand.
So it's the intrinsic duty
of the scientist
to make them intelligible to us.
I see.
The sun will rise
as always tomorrow.
I will prove my theory
scientifically then.
But we must first get to the
other island in order to do so.
But why?
Because I did not remember to
bring my encyclopedias with me.
[birds chirping]
It's really traveled a long way,
hasn't it?
Maybe it really is moving.
[Jean] It will move up
even farther tomorrow.
We're going to move the Sanson's
island now, aren't we?
Do you think it's all right
if we move away from
Lincoln Island?
Marie likes it because
everyone else is there now.
That's true.
And it's much
safer to live like that
than to seclude ourselves
away from everyone.
I suppose so.
And we don't have a crummy
hut to live in anymore.
Oh, Jean, I really hope
that island
is moving like
you said it is.
Because if it is, it can one day
take me to my homeland.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Grandis] Hurry up and wash
those dishes now, dear,
so you can help me with this.
[Nadia] With this many dishes,
it's going to take me a little
more time to finish them all.
[Grandis] You know we have
to prepare your food separately,
which takes even more time
so work quickly.
Don't bother.
I've never asked anyone to do
anything for me
because I can do
it myself.
Still the same
old stubborn girl.
You're going to lose Jean's
love if you act like that.
Mark my words.
[Marie] Time to eat.
-Yay! Yummy food.
-[King purrs]
I hope it makes you happy
after all this time of eating
God-only-knows-what to survive.
Well, to me it looks like
the same thing we've been eating
every day.
Ah!
It's [indistinct]
plenty of pepper!
If it's not to your liking,
then you don't have to eat
it right, Nadia?
Mm-hmm.
[Sanson] Why are you wearing
a mask, Nadia?
She doesn't
like the smell of fish.
[Sanson] What a pity
that you can't join us
in this scaly delight.
[all] Thanks for the food!
I'm going to
need your help, Jean.
The hut we have
now is far too small.
And so you'll help
me build a larger one.
Young Master Jean is coming
-with me, Hanson.
-Wait, Sanson, I think that's--
Not so fast!
Jean said
he was going to help me
fix the Gratan's operating
systems today.
Hanson?
You know it's your turn
to do dishes this time.
-So your work will have to wait.
-Oh.
I beg your pardon, Ms. Grandis.
What is it?
May I cook lunch
for everyone today?
-Lunch?
-I really wanna try it.
But are you sure
you can accomplish it?
I can try.
I suppose there's always a first
time for everything
when you're
a youngster.
Besides, I could really use
a little time to myself.
-[Sanson] So, Jean?
-[Jean] Yes.
Are things well
with Nadia and yourself?
Sure.
-We get along.
-That's good.
Have you done it yet?
Have we done it yet?
-Done what?
-What?
You know-- never mind.
Of course, we haven't.
I don't know why.
If you love someone, it's the
most natural thing in the world
to express it somehow.
Then I think we express our love
through regular quarreling.
Jean, let me
give you a little advice.
Listen up, a woman
can't resist the male body.
The sight of our muscles
make them weak on their knees.
It's what makes them
want us so badly. [laughs]
I'm sure Nadia isn't a bit
different in that regard.
I understand now.
I should take up
a sport or something.
This device will save your life
the way it saved
that of a skinny little
man child
whom all the girls
referred to as 'beanpole.'
Day and night, he worked
desperately to build himself up
and no one
despised me-- I mean, him--
once he became a strapping,
muscular,
too-handsome-for-words man.
So you see, Jean,
brains don't win a girl's heart.
Smart men are
intrinsically very lonely.
[Ayerton] How was that?
Oh, your hands are
working magic on me.
-[Marie] Is lunch ready yet?
-And there.
Not quite yet, dear.
Nadia will be preparing
a special luncheon for us today
as a special treat.
Oh, Nadia's cooking today?
You're going to have to put in
more spice
if you want it to
taste good, Nadia.
I can taste it,
so it's best that I don't.
[all groans]
[grunting]
What are you doing?
I'm building out my muscle so I
can be a strapping muscular man.
You're trying to attract
Nadia's attention, right?
Huh?
We know.
You know what I'm doing?
Don't worry about it, Jean.
She already likes you.
Just now she's cooking a yummy
meal, just for you, right?
[King purrs]
A meal for me?
What is all this?
[Nadia] It's food.
And I'm sure it will
taste just wonderful.
It's her first try.
What do you say we stop talking
about it and give it a taste.
Yum.
But the plates
seem kind of dirty, ma'am.
Well, that's because
you couldn't be bothered
to wash them like I asked.
I told you that I had
to work on the Gratan.
Nadia, your cooking
is so delicious.
-[Nadia] You like it?
-It really makes up
for the way
it looks at first sight.
[choking]
[Nadia]
What's the matter, Jean?
[choking]
Jean!
That looks painful.
I'm so sorry, Jean.
Don't let
it trouble you so much.
Come now, men don't give up
on love
over trivial matters
like fish bones.
Do you think you'll ever
be able to forgive me?
Don't worry.
It's going to be okay.
Don't worry because everything's
going to be okay.
You don't think
I should forgive her?
You don't need to do anything
at this point, Jean.
-See?
-You mean just do nothing?
Don't even talk to her until she
comes to you with an apology.
I can't just ignore her now.
Listen, Jean.
It's all very scientific so
you must remember
that if you give in to a girl,
she's sure to take advantage of
your kindness.
Are you sure about that?
I was always polite and kind to
Grandis and just look at me now.
I'm still not so sure.
Look, girls love
a guy who's very smart.
So if you show off
your intelligence a bit,
Nadia will fall for you
over and over again.
She's still just
a regular girl like the rest.
Oh, I see.
You're saying I should study
and invent some more.
But Sanson told me I should
develop my muscles
to win her over.
Well, that's
some interesting advice.
But let me ask you
an important question, Jean.
See any girls in love with him?
[Jean] I better start studying.
I will capture Nadia's heart
by applying myself to achieve
higher knowledge.
To start with,
I'll prove my theory
that the sun is moving
slowly now
because this
island is heading west.
Hey, Jean!
-Studying again?
-No, I'm not studying right now.
I'm calculating this island's
location.
Calculating and whatnot?
That certainly
sounds like studying to me.
Never mind all of that.
If you stop exercising
and keep calculating,
you'll turn into an ugly
purse bag like Hanson.
But Hanson told me to do this.
Otherwise, I'll
become a stupid muscle head.
Is that what he said?
Wrong!
Don't listen to him.
Listen here.
When a woman looks for a man,
she is trying to acquire
that which she does not possess
herself.
Now, do you know the one thing
men have
that women are
looking for?
A mustache?
No!
-Power.
-Ah!
That's right.
Men protect
their power with muscles.
Well, the women...
Yes, yes.
They cook!
Jean!
Why do I get
the sneaking suspicion
that we're drawing closer
to death with each forkful.
This is madness.
You cannot go on letting Nadia
cook our food like this.
It's not something I decided.
She asked me if
she could try it again.
And I said that she could do it.
Yes, but don't you remember
what happened last time?
It's only the second time.
If she doesn't get any practice,
she will never improve.
But if she keeps
practicing like this,
certain young men may go
to heaven before she improves.
Well, it's not as though
her cooking is any different
than Ms. Granva's.
I'd like you to name one time
my cooking has killed
anyone, Sanson.
Oh, now, Nadia didn't intend to
do anything wrong,
so we should be kinder.
So if we die and she meant
no harm, that's fine with you?
Now don't read too much
into what I said, Sanson.
Look, spicy food tastes
much better
than the bland fair
you enjoy.
Ah! Would someone deliver me
from this terrible island
so that I can
eat some real food?
[Ayerton] Hanson, why haven't
you gotten the Gratan fixed yet?
What are you waiting for?
Because you're always
taking Jean
away to work on your projects.
[Jean] That's enough!
Can't you see it's silly
to fight about such trifling
matters?
Leave Nadia alone.
Jean.
Right.
You must maintain
the health of the group.
That is a sure way
to ensure happiness for all.
These petty
arguments tear the very fabric
that keep this little
community together.
Well, you speak like
a real-life count, Mr. Ayerton.
Perhaps I had
you all wrong before now.
Oh, yes. How I miss my
salad days in majestic England.
My pockets were always filled
with gold
and I never wanted for
anything.
I invited so many ladies
to my birthday parties,
which lasted for days on end.
We served liqueurs and spirits
from every corner of the world
and our tables groaned under
the most extravagant meals
you could ever imagine.
We feasted like kings.
[exhales]
Hello?
He's a good boy.
Who is?
Not many men would be
as forgiving as he is.
That is so rare anymore.
Yes, ma'am. But...
You don't have to tell me.
You think he'll
lose interest in you?
It can't be helped I'm afraid.
Women are
always living with that fear.
[Nadia] Really?
[Grandis] Jealousy,
longing, attachment, anxiety.
These complicated feelings
are always raging around in
our heads.
It reaches such a fervor
that nothing else in our life
has meaning for us.
We exert
everything for their sake.
Huh?
That's how love is, see?
I've never been in love
with someone before.
I never really
wanted to be in love ever.
Still, I didn't think
it would hurt this much.
Now that I know how it feels,
I think I was right.
The pain is unbearable.
You do love him.
It seems like many of the nice
things in life
have traps hidden
inside them.
So true.
I can't even count
how many times
I've cried over being in
love before.
Really?
[Grandis] Yes.
However, I can
remember each one clearly.
All of those broken hearts.
Tell me, Nadia.
[Nadia] Yes?
Was Captain Nemo
your father after all?
I'm sorry,
that was impolite of me.
It's all right. And yes, he was.
We have both
suffered a loss then.
Well, at least you still
have Hanson and Sanson.
Yes, of course.
But those two are like the moon.
They circle around me
constantly,
but they will never
get any closer.
-Ah, yes!
-What is it?
If you like,
you may call me Mama.
[Nadia] Mama?
[Grandis] If Nemo was here,
it may have come to pass.
[Nadia] Mama.
[singing in Japanese]